family How are you? Well, I hope you
're listening to me more or less
because Look where I am, I'm
well in one of the most
beautiful places in Seville in particular. Well,
I'm on the Los Remedios bridge. There
are Los Remedios, the Guadalquivir river
over there. I don't know if the camera will
capture it but there is the Torre del Oro, it
's closer than it appears on
camera and here, well, some kind of fair
that they've set up for the kids.
I can't imagine that because
Christmas is approaching, the
holiday season, which by the way, what a lot of fun
this week is. I don't know if it's the
same in all the
autonomous communities, but here in particular the
children are going to go to school on Monday,
Monday and Friday, I mean, yellow fabric,
sailor fabric. I don't know why she doesn't
want to make a bridge. But anyway, if you don't
want to go to that bridge, damn it, move everything,
move everything so they go
to school on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and on
Thursday and Friday, don't worry, the parents
too. But anyway, that's how things are. Look
how pretty over there you can see the
Triana bridge. Here are Los Remedios and here you  I'm
going to talk because the truth is that I
felt like talking to you and before
the power went out I'd like to take the opportunity to say
hello, not like always First of all, like
the video, like,
subscribe, as always, I'm
impressed with all the support that
this channel is receiving, I think I'd
dare to say that this is my main channel
Javieria has moved here, the
main channel is where I spend the most time, it's
my main source of income and where
we are the most Because the
news here doesn't stop, I don't have to tell you
that we're also going to expand the way we work a bit, we'll
probably even expand the
work team so that there's no shortage of content
on El Canijo. By the way, last night
things happened that we were commenting
on El Canijo, impressive things, but
more impressive was what happened this
morning, okay,
this morning when I got up, it
turns out that this YouTuber who had been
making videos
aggressively and violently threatening
Antonio David's editor
had uploaded a video saying he
apologized and rectified, well, he
hasn't rectified a thing or deleted
the video, okay, or rather, he really hasn't
deleted the video, it turns out that I've
been talking with  Juan López de Zárate
and I have the screenshot I posted it on
Twitter the video was taken down for
defamation, I mean The guy already has half his
channel deleted for defamation he's a
person who shouldn't be on
YouTube or anywhere else okay he's a
person who for me is not safe okay he
's not a safe person and that and that you can
trust him in the slightest How beautiful Eh
How beautiful the background how proud I am
of My city always okay even though he's
always out there but oh well how proud
of my beautiful city
brutal okay we'll probably be
commenting on that later in the canijo if you
missed it last night and the over there okay And
on another note I have to
tell you two are the reasons why
I'm recording This video now
when I get home we'll talk a little bit about
the interview and all the [ __ ]
okay But there are two reasons why I
recorded This video point number one the
fastest the fastest Rocío Carrasco
is going to give an interview on a
super tacky super progressive program And the thing is Well
in the end it's going to turn out to be that in order to
have a little bit of a springboard no And
so that someone sees you and so that
someone pays attention to you, well, you're going to have to
attack the blue mother, no because it
turns out that the presenters of that
program have dedicated months
to insulting Antonio David and people from
the blue tide, okay, by the way, I have to
upload a video of the master
Joao who was making a fool of himself
yesterday and the day before yesterday trying to flatter
Rocío Carrasco so that they
call him back on the programs,
tremendously pathetic, tremendously
dragged, okay. But anyway,
on the one hand, that's okay, on the one hand,
Rocío Carrasco's interview program,
we'll discuss it, and on the other hand, I
wanted to tell you something about a news story
that I was giving last night, okay, I
recorded it last night, but surely the
team uploaded it now in the
morning or early in the morning or whatever,
okay, it turns out that Rocío
Carrasco uploaded a photograph with Kiko
Jiménez hugging Kiko Jiménez,
okay,
this has a very curious peculiarity,
okay, it turns out that Kiko Jiménez is a
person who has been hammering his
sister Gloria Camila on
television for years, okay. And  who
is also on television today
for having been with Gloria Camila and
lives off Gloria Camila basically no So
the guy starts saying Okay,
but the thing is that if they call me it's because I
support myself I don't know how good you are for
Gloria Camila starting from that base It
turns out
that there are people
responding to yesterday's video that I
also posted on Twitter saying that
I am a hypocrite and double standard
because
why don't I complain about Antonio David
taking a picture with Gloria Camila
to me the truth is that those things really drive me
crazy no and many times I think that I have to
explain things with
colored plasticine okay let's keep
in mind let's
imagine okay that it's not true But
let's imagine that
Rocío Carrasco's story was true okay And that
Antonio David was the devil that she
draws And also Gloria Camila
is really bad because she takes pictures with
Antonio David she hugs Antonio
David and well and she has a good relationship with
Antonio okay let's imagine for a moment that
that were true imagine that that
were true Even if that were true
Rocío Carrasco  If she had a minimum of
coherence with what she herself is
saying, she would not take a photo
hugging this man, okay, it does not matter
that Gloria Camila does it with
Antonio David, okay, it does not matter. Even if Kiko
Jimenez had not had any
conflict or was in any way
related to any Mohedano, okay,
let's imagine that Kiko Jimenez does what he does on the
sets against his ex-partner, she
is not Rocío Carrasco's sister, let
's imagine that she is Isabel Pantoja's sister, it does not matter,
for consistency,
regardless of the relationship she
has with her sister,
regardless of what her sister
does with Antonio David,
regardless of everything, she would say:
Well, look, I do not want to know anything about my
sister. It seems very ugly to me that my sister has
made a good friendship with Antonio David and they
have a good relationship and they upload
pictures hugging each other. I do not
have a relationship with my daughter because my
daughter is tremendously bad too, but
I do not take a picture with you because what
you have done is the same thing that I
am denouncing, I mean the
television beating, okay,
that would be to have coherence, but what
happens is that she does not have it Because neither she
nor she believes herself  her own
story because it's a lie okay I mean if it
hurt you so much and you're so
against an ex-partner living at
your expense and spending years and years and years and
years talking about your
relationship Okay and what and what and there's a
backlash because really Kiko Jiménez
has a backlash with Gloria Camila He's
even started publishing
private conversations taken out of
context cut out and so on to
manipulate them
But these are things that no matter how much I
explain them the fuchsias won't
understand right anyway family I'm not
going to try very hard okay I think it
's very simple and it's very easy to
understand okay If you had a minimum of
coherence and you yourself believed in your
story you wouldn't take a picture hugging
this man
regardless of what
your sister has done regardless of what
Antonio vi has done regardless
of everything okay And the thing is that this lady
can really insult her
enemies okay because she hasn't stopped to
think Hey I'm going to take a picture
hugging a person who does what
I'm denouncing what I am
criticizing okay No no She can feel
bad about the barb towards her daughter Gloria Camila and
Antonio David because Kiko Jiménez has
also crushed her daughter Rocío Flores
and Rocío Carrasco takes photos and
cuddles with everyone who crushes her
daughter anyway family I think it is very
easy to understand and whoever does not
understand it Well they have a very
big problem just like the guy just like the
gay guy was threatening Juan see you
in a little while okay